right on okay its belly no okay bye
girls yeah she said purple follow so
yeah everyone's like it's just how like
thing what people don't know what
happened I felt like that song and so
it's a polar bear mystery so the polar
bear he says he ain't around fish but
really wrong so now and so snail has
this weird like jelly and its glory
angelia sit down and kind of spread
through the cornea and sought me the
full of color about purple it's like
like yeah to the point of it like
whatever the road so then this nail was
like oh sháá
it's like looking at me I will hurt you
and I'm one's gonna cut you everyone
inside of you in the club is like road
again I think we have that road home
anyways so Apollinaire so yeah he's
still perfect everyone's like oh my gosh
hahaha color bear and the story is he
got together with another polar bear and
that polar bear is turning purple so
it's like an STD now awards and ask
painting you know that it is that's
sexually transmitted to see anyways and
so now being powerful above poverty and
so the girls leave it was like oh my
gosh is wrong with you you turn me
purple are you crying what a loser
anyway so oh the female caller van was
like XO road she swaps the other male
polar bear and so then the next day the
male pop it was Puckle
as we now he's a blow polar bear and the
female of the purple call of it so the
purple color who's the female now Dubois
the blue polar bear he's alone our mail
anyway and then she got together like a
mythical a bit who was a normal he was
like he doesn't like anything wrong she
got together with him and they were like
and sub and then the other male boo
what's your problem that's a road oh my
god normal potter and so that is like
but your problem thought apparently i
really is an STD and so that polar bears
like what's your problem and so then he
slapped the blue polo pony female purple
home and then the plume ha libero is
just like haha now you're gonna turn
blue so yeah it's just really big
scandal scandal that's the way I was a
boy in the beginning ok anyways this is
called a scandal and like no one knows
how it really started but I'm gonna be
the scientist to discover it any
questions Wow
the question at the three letter word
anyway I thought Akash up in there
that's a that's a six letter word that
my mama that's my mama well I'll see you
because you're only them when one left